---
layout: post
title: سافور/سافتور موشن (سوژو)
name_en: sw-motion
company_slug: sw-motion
logo: 
cover: 
company_count:
founded:
location: ""
total_review: 
total_interview: 
salary_avg: 
salary_min: 
salary_max: 
rate: 
view_count: 
industry: Embedded, Automotive
city: سوژو, جمهوری خلق چین
size_en: VS
size: 11-50 نفر
site: http://sw-motion.cn
---

SW-motion Technology was established in September 2018. It is headquartered in Suzhou (Jiangshu Province, China) and has offices in Shanghai and Suzhou. The start-up team comes from Sense time AG and Huawei. 70% of the employees have a master's degree or above.

The company focuses on the mass production of advanced assisted driving functions below L3 (so called ADAS functions), takes the high-computing driving computing platform as the hardware core, takes multi-sensor fusion as the technical route, integrates full-stack algorithm software, and provides commercial vehicle OEMs with a combination of software and hardware systematic solutions.

The company focuses on the active safety of vehicles in production, and is committed to the mass production of ADAS and providing drivers with a good driving experience. While helping customers solve the problems of current functions, we are also committed to working with customers to improve technology, performance and customer experience.

The entrepreneurial team from the industry, with a deep understanding of ADAS technology and rich experience, brings the best intelligent driving technology to the industry and servers society through an open cooperation model.
